# Bitwise "|" Operator

As you may have guessed, the bitwise "or" operator is similar to the bitwise "and" operator in that it works on binary rather than boolean values. However, the bitwise "or" operator "or"s the bits together. Here's an example:

- `0101` is 5
- `0111` is 7

```
0101
|
0111
=
0111
```

A `1` in binary is the same as `True`, while `0` is `False`. So a bitwise operation is just a bunch of logical operations that are completed in tandem. When two binary numbers are "or"ed together, the result has a `1` in any place where _either_ of the input numbers has a `1` in that place.

`|` is the bitwise "or" operator in Python. `5 | 7 = 7` and `5 | 2 = 7` as well!

- `0101` is 5
- `0010` is 2

```
0101
|
0010
=
0111
```

## Guild Permissions

A "guild" is a team of 2-4 players. Here are the guild-specific permissions:

- `can_invite` - Leftmost bit (`0b1000`)
- `can_kick` - Second to leftmost bit (`0b0100`)
- `can_enter_dungeon` - Second to rightmost bit (`0b0010`)
- `can_surrender` - Rightmost bit (`0b0001`)

When players are in a guild together, they gain _all_ the permissions of _all_ the other members of the guild!

For example, if:

- Jack has the `can_invite` permission: `0b1000`
- Jill has the `can_kick` permission: `0b0100`

Then, when they are partied together, they should both have the `can_invite` and `can_kick` permissions: `0b1100`.

## Assignment

Complete the `calculate_guild_perms` function. It takes as input four binary numbers representing the separate permissions of each member of the guild: `glorfindel`, `galadriel`, `elendil` and `elrond`. It should return a single binary number that represents the combined permissions of _all_ the members of the guild.

Use a series of bitwise "or" operations to calculate the [superset](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wsF9GpGd00) of all the member's permissions.