# Bitwise "&" Operator

Bitwise operators are similar to logical operators, but instead of operating on boolean values, they apply the same logic to all the bits in a value by column. For example, say you had the numbers `5` and `7` represented in [binary](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_code). You could perform a bitwise "and" operation and the result would be `5`.

- `0101` is 5
- `0111` is 7

```
0101
&
0111
=
0101
```

A `1` in binary is the same as `True`, while `0` is `False`. So really a bitwise operation is just a bunch of logical operations that are completed in tandem by column.

```
0 & 0 = 0

1 & 1 = 1

1 & 0 = 0
```

Ampersand `&` is the bitwise "and" operator in Python. "And" is the _name_ of the bitwise operation, while ampersand `&` is the _symbol_ for that operation. For example, `5 & 7 = 5`, while `5 & 2 = 0`.

- `0101` is 5
- `0010` is 2

```
0101
&
0010
=
0000
```

## Binary Notation

When writing a number in binary, the prefix `0b` is used to indicate that what follows is a binary number. `0b10` is two in binary, but `10` without the `0b` prefix is simply ten.

- `0b0101` is 5
- `0b0111` is 7

## Putting It Together

```py
0b0101 & 0b0111
# equals 5

binary_five = 0b0101
binary_seven = 0b0111
binary_five & binary_seven
# equals 5
```
## Guild Permissions

Sometimes applications store user permissions as binary values. If I have `4` different permissions a user can have, then I can store that as a 4-digit binary number, and if a certain bit is present, I know the permission is enabled. This can be a lot more efficient than storing entire strings.

Let's pretend we have 4 permissions related to "guilds" in Fantasy Quest ("guild" is just a fancy videogame word for "team"):

- `can_create_guild` - Leftmost bit (`0b1000`)
- `can_review_guild` - Second to leftmost bit (`0b0100`)
- `can_delete_guild` - Second to rightmost bit (`0b0010`)
- `can_edit_guild` - Rightmost bit (`0b0001`)

If a user has _no_ permissions, their binary permissions would be `0b0000`.

If a user only has the `can_create_guild` permission, their binary permissions would be `0b1000`, but a user with `can_review_guild` _and_ `can_edit_guild` permissions would be `0b0101`.

To check for, say, the `can_review_guild` permission, we can perform a bitwise _and_ operation on the user's permissions and the enabled `can_review_guild` bit (`0b0100`). If the result is `0b0100` again, we know they have that specific permission!

```py
user_review_guild = 0b0101 & 0b0100
user_review_guild == can_review_guild
# true
```

## Assignment

Complete each of the `get_XXX_bits` functions. Use the bitwise `&` operation on the user's permission bits and the appropriate guild permission bits, and return the resulting bits.

4 values have been provided, use the appropriate one for each function:

- `can_create_guild`
- `can_review_guild`
- `can_delete_guild`
- `can_edit_guild`

_Note: The `get_XXX_bits` functions return the bits and the test code compares the result to the original permission value to see if it matches!_