# Functions

Functions allow us to _reuse_ and _organize_ code. For example, say we have some code that calculates the area of a circle:

```py
radius = 5
area = 3.14 * radius * radius
```

That works! The problem is when we want to calculate the area of _other_ circles, each with its own radius. We _could_ just copy the code and change the variable names like this:

```py
radius = 5
area1 = 3.14 * radius * radius

radius2 = 7
area2 = 3.14 * radius2 * radius2
```

But we want to _reuse_ our code! Why would we want to redo our work? What if we wanted to calculate the area of thousands of circles??? **That's where functions help.**

Instead, we can define a new function called `area_of_circle` using the `def` keyword.

```py
def area_of_circle(r):
    pi = 3.14
    result = pi * r * r
    return result
```

Let's break this `area_of_circle` function down:

- It takes one input (aka "parameter" or "argument") called `r`
- The body of the function is indented - this is the code that will run each time we use (aka "call") the function
- It `return`s a single value (the output of the function). In this case, it's the value stored in the `result` variable

To ["call"](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Python_Programming/Functions#Function_Calls) this function (fancy programmer speak for "use this function") we can pass in any number as the argument (in this case, `5`) for the parameter `r`, and capture the output into a new variable:

```py
area = area_of_circle(5)
print(area)
# 78.5
```

1. `5` goes in as the input `r`
2. The body of the function runs, which stores `78.5` in the `result` variable
3. The function returns the value `78.5`, which means the `area_of_circle(5)` expression evaluates to `78.5`
4. `78.5` is stored in the `area` variable and then printed

Because we've already _defined_ the function, now we can use it as many times as we want with different inputs!

```py
area = area_of_circle(6)
print(area)
# 113.04

area = area_of_circle(7)
print(area)
# 153.86
```

## Assignment

We need to calculate the size of a weapon's "attack area". With a `1.0` meter sword, for example, a player can attack in an area of `3.14` square meters around them. You can use the `area_of_circle` function to do that calculation.

Fix the bug on line 13 by calling the `area_of_circle` function with the `spear_length` as input and store the result in the `spear_area` variable.