# Scientific Notation

As we covered earlier, a `float` is a positive or negative number **with a fractional part**.

You can add the letter `e` or `E` followed by a positive or negative integer to specify that you're using [scientific notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_notation).

```python
print(16e3)
# Prints 16000.0

print(7.1e-2)
# Prints 0.071
```

If you're not familiar with scientific notation, it's a way of expressing numbers that are too large or too small to conveniently write normally.

In a nutshell, the number following the `e` specifies how many places to move the decimal to the right for a positive number, or to the left for a negative number.

## Underscores for Readability

Python also allows you to represent large numbers in the decimal format using underscores as the [delimiter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decimal_separator#Digit_grouping) instead of commas to make it easier to read.

```py
num = 16_000
print(num)
# Prints 16000

num = 16_000_000
print(num)
# Prints 16000000
```

## Assignment

Due to the constraints of our app's server, there is a maximum number of players we can have on a single Fantasy Quest server.

Complete the `max_players_on_server` function. It takes no inputs, but simply returns 3 static values:

1. The max players on a "small" server: `1,024,000,000,000,000,000` (`1.024e18`)
2. The max players on a "medium" server: `10,240,000,000,000,000,000`
3. The max players on a "large" server: `102,400,000,000,000,000,000`

Use scientific notation to represent these numbers. For example: `3.104e15`.

> Numbers in scientific notation are floats. For example, `1.024e18` is actually equivalent to `1,024,000,000,000,000,000.0` (note the `.0` at the end). This is expected and perfectly fine for this assignment.