# Slicing lists

Python makes it easy to slice and dice lists to work only with the section you care about. One way to do this is to use the simple slicing operator, which is just a colon `:`.

With this operator, you can specify where to start and end the slice, and how to step through the original list. List slicing returns a new list from the existing list.

The syntax is as follows:
```python
my_list[ start : stop : step ]
```
For example:
```python
scores = [50, 70, 30, 20, 90, 10, 50]
# Display list
print(scores[1:5:2])
# Prints [70, 20]
```
The above reads as "give me a slice of the `scores` list from index 1, up to but not including 5, skipping every 2nd value. All of the sections are optional.

## Omitting sections

You can also omit various sections ("start", "stop", or "step"). For example, `numbers[:3]` means "get all items from the start up to (but not including) index 3". `numbers[3:]` means "get all items from index 3 to the end".
```python
numbers = [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]
numbers[:3] # Gives [0, 1, 2]
numbers[3:] # Gives [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]
```

## Using only the "step" section
```python
numbers = [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]
numbers[::2] # Gives [0, 2, 4, 6, 8]
```

## Negative Indices
Negative indices count from the end of the list. For example, `numbers[-1]` gives the last item in the list, `numbers[-2]` gives the second last item, and so on.

```python
numbers = [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]
numbers[-3:] # Gives [7, 8, 9]
```

## Assignment
Complete the given `get_champion_slices` function. It takes a list of `champions` and should return three new lists based on the given champions:

First, return a slice of the `champions` list that starts with the third champion and goes to the end of the list.
Next, return a slice of the `champions` list that starts at the beginning of the list and ends with the third champion from the end (inclusive).
Last, return a slice of the `champions` list that only includes the champions in even numbered indexes.

## Tip

Remember, you can return multiple values from a function by separating them with commas:
```python
return value1, value2, value3
```